cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 주먹 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 주먹 win
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 주먹 win
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 주먹 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 가위 usr : 가위 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 주먹 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 주먹 usr : 가위 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
cpu : 보 usr : 가위 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 주먹 usr : 보 win
cpu : 보 usr : 보 draw
cpu : 가위 usr : 보 loss
